Straddling the line between funky electronic rock and prog epic, it’s a third Pyramid headlining slot for the rambunctious trio.
Multi-award winning five piece now on their fourth album of edgy angst-filled rock music.
Beards, revolving guitars, cars, riffs and big bits from this Texan trio whose facial furniture was way ahead of its time.
Grammy winning, double platinum selling voice of a generation with five number one 45s already under her svelte belt.
Good time quirky guitar pop from this Irish trio who’ve grown up at Glastonbury since their debut in 2009.
Grime time on the Pyramid with the British MC whose take on hip hop gave him two top 40 singles from the album ‘Konnichiwa’ which was hailed as a “Landmark in British street music.”
Award winning Malian singer/songwriter and guitarist with an evocative slow funk groove and gorgeous vocals.
The orchestra will be joined by guests including Damon Albarn, Bassekou Kouyaté, Julia Holter, Faia Younan, Kano and Rachid Taha for a special performance to highlight and celebrate the remarkable music and culture of Syria
Undoubtedly this will be one of the global moments of the weekend from the lady who doesn’t do festivals, an aching set of tear jerking ballads will bring the evening to a life affirming, mobile in the air finale.
The refined sound of the Impala after their run in with Mark Ronson makes for ultra hummable psyche pop.
On the back of their second, more sophisticated soft rock album ‘Everything You’ve Come To Expect’, a heady fist punching set of tunes is expected from Alex Turner (of Arctic Monkeys) and Miles Kane. 
Suitably nutty ska-infused perfect pop that might just bring about the longest conga line-styled Madness dance ever. One Step Beyond!
London quartet fronted by the feisty Ellie Rowsell who took their itchy guitar pop with huge grunge-layered choruses to a Grammy nomination.
Senegalese singer and guitarist who’s recently toured with Mumford and co taking his raga rhythms and soulful vocals through Africa and Europe.
The Difford and Tilbrook songbook rivals many a tunesmith and their live set is peppered with singalong classics that should not be missed.
A fittingly well-timed appearance by the chart topping choir in light of the current Junior Doctor's issues - expect some hearty choruses.
With album number seven ‘A Head Full Of Dreams’ continuing with their patented penchant for a euphoric chorus line, make sure you’re still in full control of your vocal chords for the weekend closer.
Moody and melancholy, evocative and entrancing, Beck’s most recent album – the Grammy-award winning ‘Morning Phase’ was a fine return to form.
Half way through her 89 date ‘Delirium World Tour’ that concludes in October down under, Ms Goulding will be razor sharp and in fine fettle.
Sunday afternoon with Jeff Lynne’s Electric Light Orchestra, a testament to the thoughtful collision of rock ‘n’ roll and the classics, creating plush power pop.
Second time on the Pyramid for this spiritual UK soul singer whose much-anticipated second album was released this month.
Slow, smoky soulful jazz crooning from the hat-toting American singer songwriter, actor and multi-award winner.
French electro swingers with an equal hand on Django Rheinhardt’s plectrum and Daft Punk’s headgear.
North Somerset's very own competing brass band.
Two albums in and already acclaimed as the most important electronic dance act since the emergence of the Chems and Daft Punk all those moons ago, catch them before they go stratospheric. Whoops – too late.
Following last year’s maniacal secret show, Bastille will be teasing tracks from their new album which, as snatches online suggest, will be similarly anthemic but with a whole host of new sounds.
Tattoos ahoy! These screamy icons have tempered their rock onslaught, added an electronic pulse and let Oli Sykes take the melodic approach. The result is crunchy and at times chaotic, nothing short of awesome!
Brooding and maturing post-punk from this UK outfit whose fifth album ‘In Dreams’ is their most accomplished yet.
Smoochy new folk Americana from this soulful trio from Denver, Colorado. The ‘Ho Hey’ band sail in on a tide of praise for new album ‘Cleopatra’.
Emotive multi-layered sounds from this Scottish quintet whose latest album ‘Painting Of A Panic Attack’ unfolds into a gloriously chiming and mesmeric noise.
French singer songwriter with a nice line in smooth synth pop and a few tales about sexuality.
The sound of swinging Stockport (Gtr Manc). Pert indie pop from the Heavenly stable.
The Mancunian vets are back with a brand new album of thought provoking tunes entitled ‘Girl At the End Of The World’. They will be insisting everyone sits down at some point mind you.
Their ‘Music Complete’ of last year was a great return to form for the Godfathers of electronic pop, its rhythmic swagger and Barney’s considered vocal galvanising their sound.
“Sweet pop synths meet deceptively barbed lyrics” claimed The Guardian of this Glaswegian trio, their electronic backdrops positively glistening behind Lauren Mayberry’s vocal.
Purveyors of ‘Chocolate’ whose second album had a highly ponderable title – 'I like it when you sleep, for you are so beautiful yet so unaware of it’- and a more refined and gleeful sound.
Sir Elton Of John approved singer songwriter whose new album ‘Wrong Crowd’ illustrates a new expanding sound and some super quirky layered textures behind his fine vocals.
Riff-laden trio from the deep south (of England) whose latest epic ‘By Default’ sees them in more minimal tub-thumping mood with some explosive churning guitar.
Celebrated UK synth pop duo who’re doing pretty well in mainland Europe – so the EU referendum undoubtedly affects them.
Alabama-based six-piece soul band with St Paul’s deep, deep vocals sounding like something straight off an old Stax single, complete with brass and great moves.
Singer, songwriter and producer with a neat line in mid tempo melodies whose ‘White Light’ was a big hit from her debut album ‘Nothings’ Real’ from 2015.
Huge slabs of synth meander behind the pin sharp harmonies of this impressive trio.
The James Murphy roadshow arrives at the Festival just in time to close The Other Stage. The chirpily titled ’Back From The Dead’ tour has been praised wherever it’s landed, it will be an emotional return.
Arriving on the back of the “controversial” but superbly annotated ‘The Hope Six Demolition Project’, this should be a typically outspoken and raucous set.
Hot on the heels of the release last month of their second album ‘The Ride’, the Bottlemen, as we lovingly think of them, will be knocking out their glorious chugging guitars with plenty of histrionic exuberance. Rockin’.
Not even a year since the debut album from this multi award winning, many single releasing trio, who seemed to emerge from nowhere with their electronic pop.
Singer songwriter from Plymouth, the first signing to Ed Sheeran’s Gingerbread label, who hit big with ‘Wasn’t Expecting That’.
The Beautiful South mainstays continue to harmonise on their new album ‘Wisdom, Laughter And Lines’
Stereo beard action from this duo whose folky strum is set to be enlarged on their new album ‘Red Earth And Pouring Rain’ which is released next month – let’s hope that title’s not an omen for the weekend.
A seasoned songwriter and festival regular now with five albums out and a splendid dreadlock trimming video for his cover of ‘Get Free’ from the latest ’Human Love’
Named after the Greek God Of unrequited love, fronted by the model Laura Hayden and delivering left of centre pop tones, what’s not to like?
Off the back of their much-loved recent album ‘Barbara, Barbara We Face A Shining Future’, the electronic duo continues to inspire and forge new sounds. That said when the first notes of ‘Born Slippy’ erupt, expect mass tribal propulsion and much ‘big square, little square’ hand gesturing.
Super productive after last year’s much praised ‘Hairless Toys’ (“elegant deep house, country-flecked soul, and idiosyncratic downtempo,” Mixmag) album with a brand new platter set for next month.
Intense and gritty southern rock from this Texan quartet whose clever arrangements and complex patterns make for a hi-octane onslaught as perfected on their seventh album ‘Stiff’.
A whirlwind ride through roots reggae, ska, rock steady and all points JA with a nod to hip hop from the son of Lorna Bennett (‘Breakfast In Bed’) no less.
One third of Calif hip hop act Cuthroat Boyz whose ‘Summertime ‘06’ album of last year was acclaimed as a socially aware classic.
Ukrainian folk quartet with great hats whose vocal embellishments and simple rhythms give their multi-layered sound huge effervescent depth.
Hailing from Brazil but mixing elements of the Caribbean and African music into their soulful horn-led Afrobeat groove.
North Eastern Thailand’s modal sound is a rhythmic and hypnotic raga affair that blows up a storm of foot shuffling goodness.
Mercury award winning singer songwriter who seems perfectly at home delivering aching ballads as he does dub stepping into experimental electronics.
There’s always been something wildly exciting about Santigold’s quirky, playful alternative pop and clever come cheeky lyrics, a quality that was perfectly realized on her most recent ‘99 Cents’ album.
Described as an Afro-Western mix of dance, hip-hop, pop, and the traditional music of Malawi, TVB feature DJ production team Radioclit and Esau Mwamyaya from Malawi on vocals.
Acclaimed as “the weirdest band in the world”, this Japanese conglomerate mixes music, performance and theatre for what is a phenomenal never-seen-before spectacle set to a Sun Ra-styled rumpus. Don’t miss.
Seven-piece band from Kinshasa, capital of the Congo, whose swirling sound is immediately spellbinding, its organic rhythms and vocals offset beautifully by their strange synthetic melodies.
Artist, musician and master of the down to earth, everyday stylish MC sound that reflects north London circa 2016.
Slow motion hip hopper that casts a mesmerizing spell from the Washington DC rapper and producer with his perfectly crafted band.
Former BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra composer turned joyous electronic pop chanteuse whose debut album ‘Varmints’ snook out in March.
An emotional stage closer from the great soul hit makers – ‘September’, ‘Boogie Wonderland’, ‘Fantasy’ – who lost the great Maurice White this year.
Inspired by blues, jazz, soul, country and hip-hop and a mean guitarist to boot, expect some old school swampy swagger from the gritty-voiced Jr.
As Quantic, Will Holland has plundered many musical vaults from Colombia to the streets of New York to create a unique and innovative sound, today’s show, with a smattering of special guests promises to be simply spectacular.
Actress, writer and master of the sitar, the daughter of Ravi Shankar, Anoushka has taken his raga style into new exotic soundscapes topped with her ethereal vocal.
Originally hailed as a sultry crooning cross of Terry Callier and Bill Withers, Now maturing into one of the great deep soul voices with exceptional self-penned material.
US jazz band leader whose tenor sax powered album of last year made virtually every end of year best list.
Gilles Peterson and Jamie Cullum-approved British jazz/soul singer songwriter whose eponymous debut album was hotly received last year.
“An exuberant and eclectic orchestral post-punk ensemble led by Scottish born, London-based multi-instrumentalist Paul Russell,” says the wonderfully named Music Dungeon. Think symphonic and almost religious wonky pop.
Icelandic trio whose monumental symphonic rock and ambient meandering is topped by lyrics sung in their own made up language. Exceptional and always euphoric.
Eclectic duo whose bass, garage and dubstep sound is set off kilter by Aluna Francis’ super sweet vocal.
Texan post rock quartet whose latest album added to their multi layered sound with a strident electronic hue.
Master of alternative RnB genre, a blue eyed soulster complete with beard and baseball cap.
Reverb friendly dream pop from Montreal with a nod to old school country rock harmonies and a hint of shoegazing.
Norwegian singer songwriter whose cover of Oasis’s ‘Half A World Away’ warmed a cockle or two last Christmas.
Punky rappinghood with a nod to The Beasties and tales of signing on and all that malarkey.
American singer sonwgriter and actress who's embraced country soul and rock 'n' roll into her repertoire.
Alternative rock sounds from this New York four piece whose debut album, ‘VHS’ from last year went top 20 in the UK.
Former Green On Red mainstay teams up with Mexican country act The Twin Tones, happiness ensues.
Softly sung LA based French electronic band whose tongue in cheek playfulness and catchy dream pop make them a must see.
Brighton’s own big beat and nu funk raver is a Glastonbury fixture and his attempt to play every stage at the featival continues – looking forward to seeing him in Poetry And Words next year.
The renaissance man of UK hip hop who’s also a dab hand at producing and acting is playing in various guises around site over the weekend, but this promises to be a classic set.
The swearingest man in the universe brings his creatively observed storylines and emotional melodies – with a touch of the upbeat for accentuation. A must see.
Described as electronic soul and street-vibe indie pop, the Copenhagen-based singer offers a vibrant line in upbeat grooviness.
Slo-mo, at times almost ambient pop from this alternative RnB singer from the UK who announced her arrival earlier this year with the album ‘Long Way Home’.
American multi-platinum RnB singer whose ‘Here’ from last year and ‘Wild Things from this year have made her hot property.
Big sounding synth pop from this Kosovan born UK singer whose debut album follows her big hit from last year ‘Be The One’.
The new sound of spikey alternative rock from this UK five piece who are loved by My Chemical Romance’s Gerard Way.
Spacious alternative rock from this London outfit which DIY mag reckons sounds like “Wu Lyf brought up by a planet-saving cult.” Proper journalism that.
Having worked on some of his just released new album with Beastie Boy Mike D, expect a more experimental approach from the ‘Lightning Bolt’ man.
The doyen of slacker rock, Mac De Marco teeters on the verge of psychedelic DIY irreverence in a strange hybrid of cabaret crooning and outsider folk. And he’s Canadian.
Indie folk rock from Iceland from this big selling five piece whose male/female vocal interplay makes them an enthralling listen.
With their new album ‘Why Are You OK’ just out, BOH have returned to their earlier folkier atmospheric sound for what sounds like a gem, tonight’s show should be a real treat.
With her new album ‘Bride’ out on July 1, BFL’s haunting taster ‘In God’s House’ suggests that her visionary filmic sound is set to get even larger.
Moving into more space rock territory than their previous alt country-esque sound, the Jets celebrate ten years musical odyssey.
Australian singer songwriter who’s dipped into musical bags as diverse as gospel and psychedelia to create a distinctive sound that’s impressed many through a string of EPs.
Grungey Australians all the way from Perth fronted by the enigmatic Sophie Hopes. They’ll be turning it up!
This year’s Emerging Talent Contest winner with some social commentary stretched out across a mesmerising slice of dream pop.
The master craftsman of the mellow pop opus with one of the most charismatic and enticing vocal styles.
London-based four-piece whose loud and angsty post-punk is peppered with life-affirming emotion on album number two ‘Adore Life’.
The lead singer of The Ronettes (‘Be My Baby’ et al) whose latest album features songs from the ‘60s British invasion (Stones, Beatles, etc), rock royalty no less.
Indie folk trio whose melancholy chops are seared by vocalists Elena Tonra’s breathtaking delivery.
Uplifting, sax-powdered new wave doo-wop meets quirky wonky pop courtesy of the cross dressing genius.
Luscious melodies and symphonic arrangements from this five-piece who dally with alternative RnB courtesy of Ruban Nielson’s gorgeous vocal.
Alternative RnB or neo soul, if you will, from this east London singer/songwriter who’s previously put a shift in with Disclosure.
Straight out of Seattle heads down rock sounds with a dab of psyche and some soulful edginess in their pulsing tunes.
Outspoken singer songwriter and last year’s emerging talent competition winner coming of age at just 17.
Welsh speaking Pipettes keyboard played whose minimal, earthy electronic solo album was one of the highlights of last year.
Modern composer Philip Glass’ ‘Heroes’ symphony (based on Bowie’s album) performed by Charles Hazlewood, Army Of Generals and members of the British Paraorchestra with a spectacular laser installation by Chris Levine.
Following their ninth studio album ‘the Light In You’, the Rev return with more of their evocatively orchestrated organic hymns to inevitable loss.
A live set from the acclaimed electronic composer who also takes time out to be a neuroscientist. What a life, eh?
Legendary reggae guitarist who figured at the inception of ska onwards and has played with everyone from Prince Buster to Bob Marley.
The king of thought provoking lo-fi storytelling, always with a neat twist. Imagine if author Raymond Carver met Neil Young at his most addled with a side of John Fahey. Groovy.
Roses-esque rhythms shuffle behind this alternative psychedelic dance duo from Australia.
The ‘Queen’s Speech’ lady whose online presence has secured a big following for her fast rapping, socially aware lyrics.
Much loved (Zane, Annie Mac, Jamie Cullum) UK singer songwriter whose vocal gymnastics shine on the five singles plucked from her debut album.
Dark and foreboding symphonies from this pop duo that combines The Horrors’ Faris Badwan and Canadian soprano Rachel Zeffira.
Seattle-based super productive indie rock band with a plethora of Bandcamp-released albums of their pert pop, now signed to Matador.
Multi-talented Canadian musician, producer and video director whose early experiments with electronic music have been refined into a super catchy style of arty dream pop.
The Elbow front man’s solo soujourn continues on the back of his ‘Courting The Squall’ album, letting his unique crooning style spin the yarns.
Snapshots of English life and eccentricity from this trio of musicologists who have crafted their love of song into an infectious electronic pop sound.
Ghanaian singer songwriter who hit big globally a couple of years back with ‘Walk’ delivering a nice line in alternative soul with a side of electronica.
Uplifting gospel-tinged, doo-wop nodding soul meets folk rock courtesy of this Southern state seven piece.
Magnificently lo-fi indie rock from this Spanish four piece galvanized with hummable reverb-strewn melodies and the shared vocals of Ana Garcia Perrote and Carlotta Cosials.
Scottish composer whose songs have featured in a variety of TV shows, with an impressive debut album ‘Architect’ from last year.
Melodious and strangely weary vocals in the style of a bittersweet Joni Mitchell or Judee Sill augmented by a plaintive piano. Heartbreaking stuff.
Texan trio obsessed who play well-crafted slow funk grooves with hypnotic and thematic arrangements.
On the verge of 50 years since BJH were formed, original member John Lees carries the torch for their distinctive melodic prog rock.
Upping the tempo with some fist-pumping Celtic inspired sounds from these folk rockers who celebrate 30 years next year.
Accordion and fiddle-fuelled Celtic folk from the ever-smiling Irish performer who can also knock out a tune on a penny whistle.
Criminally under-rated UK singer songwriter with a gorgeous voice whose seven studio albums are consistently filled with quality songs.
Mike Peters’ proto post punk protestations and neo folk rabble rousing continues to impress a mere 35 years on.
Irish five piece harking back to the fireside favourites of old with their mix of hand drum, banjo, mandolin and fiddle behind some deeply moving themes.
Magic Numbers’ bassist on the cusp of releasing her second solo album of broody downbeat tearjerkers.
The UK’s stridently upbeat twin sister country pop act taking the best of the new Nashville sound and giving it a British makeover.
Frighteningly young Jersey-born acoustic strummer with a rasping vocal style.
London-born singer songwriter with a dollop of Dylan, Fiona Apple and a bit of Jake Bugg about her crafted observations.
Accomplished UK chart topping country from this sparring vocal duo that encourage everyone to “get a little drunk on a Friday night”. So Glastonbury.
Multi Grammy winning stylized vocalist whose ‘60s were littered with memorable tunes as part of Simon And Garfunkel before a hugely successful solo career and stints as an actor and poet.
Versatile singer songwriter who has had a string of solo hits as well as charting with Ace, Squeeze and Mike And The Mechanics. Prog/psyche fans should also note he was in the magnificent Warm Dust.
Hugely influential English folk singer songwriter whose ‘Streets Of London’ is just the tip of his impressive songwriting credentials.
The glorious sound of good time cockernee blues pub rock from this long serving bar room boogie band. Dig that harmonica, man.
Legendary Pistols’ bass player and songwriter who also served in the under-rated Rich Kids and the reformed Faces.
Traditional song specialist whose timeless and evocative vocal style sounds strangely contemporary set in some fine arrangements.
Two songwriters separated by an ocean, Lewis And Leigh have forged a cool country-tinged sound that unifies Wales and the Mississippi.
Horns, keyboards and old school early Black Crowes-styled sassiness from this eight-piece rock ‘n’ soul band from the netherworld borders between Scotland and England.
Frighteningly young Jersey-born acoustic strummer with a rasping vocal style.
With a new album that features country classics from the ‘40s through to the ‘60s expect a rootin’ tootin’ night of classics with a bit of room for some old gems too no doubt.
From internet posts to top 20 album, the Gabrielle Aplin story is movie to be made, her video for ‘Sweet Nothing’ suggesting the the journey has more twists to come.
Good time tribute band who breathe new life into the universally well known Fabs.
Sea shanties and, hopefully Aaron sweaters from this troupe of all male singers from Port Isaac in Cornwall.
US singer songwriter whose cache of beautiful breathtaking ballads sound like the perfect accompaniment for that scene in the film where the guy realizes he’s blown it big time.
Rabble rousing minimal vocal-led Irish balladry straight from the rocky road to Dublin.
Sounding like she has been schooled in the offbeat delivery of Joni Mitchell and the downbeat strains of Nick Drake, Hattie Whitehead is an impressive singer songwriter.
Nashville born union of three singer songwriters, Emily Barker, Amber Rubarth and Amy Speace that has had folk fans enthusing wildly.
The Guardian said: “The Cornshed Sisters roll out the fol-de-rol and put the 
Former Albion Band member and the son of folk legend Ashley Hutchings who brings his own singer songwriter skill to the fore. Was also the young Willy Wonka in Tim Burton’s movie – but we won’t mention that.
Chart topping and BRIT award-nominated pop sensations, who recently released their self-titled fifth studio album.
One of America's hottest live rock 'n' roll outfits playing a charged mix of bluesy rock, gospel soul and country.
With her music spanning indie, electronic, soul and experimental, this multiple Grammy Awards winner has sold millions of albums and had several global hits.
English roots that uniquely blend the rhythms of the Caribbean with traditional songs from the British Isles.
Hobo-raconteur with the storyteller’s hat and showman's moustache who has been hugely influential on Ed Sheeran.
Grassroots DIY blues band have gone from backwoods stomps, to regular international touring with ZZ Top.
Lively interpretations of traditional folk tunes and original compositions on violin, guitar and whistle.
Avalon’s resident skiffle and laughs merchants.
One of Scottish music’s greatest live acts, this pounding, sweaty, loud eleven-piece big band, deliver epic, incendiary live performances.
One of the finest indie bands of the last decade who have sold over a million records featuring their exotic harmony style.
Multi-million selling Brit Award winning singer-songwriter who’s also an Olivier Award nominated actor. All that, but may wear wellies if wet.
Atlanta-based roots rock ’n’ roll duo, with the grit of blues, country, Americana and mountain music. Loved by Elvis Costello.
The beloved musical project of Kate Stables, whose album ‘Bashed Out’ was produced by The National’s Aaron Dessner and became her critically acclaimed breakthrough record.
Balkan Gypsy turbo-folk, thrash-punk, pop, poetry and fancy dress “MegaFolk”, no less. You can expect madcap energy and musical virtuosity.
Not your average folk singer-songwriter, rather a modern one-man band, taking charge of all aspects of his career including writing, recording and playing.
Stirring Americana, country-folk, folk-pop and urban bluegrass delivered with exuberance and humour.
Edinburgh fivesome, approved by Michael Eavis playing an upbeat blend of bluesy acoustic indie.
Gone are the dreadlocks and acoustic guitar, and in are beats, texture and a maelstrom of rhythm and harmony, with a nod to African percussion, chanted choruses, ambient interludes and imposing hooks.
Scotland-born, LA-based songstress who has won a BRIT Award, an Ivor Novello, and Grammy nominated performer with a fifth studio album soon to be released.
England’s finest roots partnership, a people’s band resonating with original songs, stunning musicianship and a remarkable audience rapport.
The UK’s queen of blues rock with a big voice who’s received praise from Joe Bonamassa, Tedeschi Trucks, Kenny Wayne Shepherd and John Mayall.
Up and coming North East duo comprising Jack Sedman (vocals) and Harry Draper (guitar).
One of the hardest working bands on the UK roots circuit playing their own brand of Western Swing, Blues, Gypsy Jazz and Country.
Described by The Times as 
Expect intricate tunes, engulfing guitars, monstrous bass lines and pounding drums.
Seven-piece, gypsy folk ’n’ roll band playing a unique mash-up of folk, blues, waltz and hoe-down.
Manchester’s favourite Guy spinning the discs from acid house on.
The Propellerheads man at the turntables.
Conceptual samples from real life bees made into a cacophony of ambience.
Writer, talking head and doyen of sounds spins the discs.
The crew that were part of the original Glastonbury Fair have created a new dimension in sound taking your earlobes to new places.
Long serving dance DJ and producer not to be confused with poni-tail sporting ex-England goalkeeper.
Ireland’s kings of the disco re-edit.
Original jungalists and drum and bass pioneers Roni Size and DJ Krush.
The British electronic production group from Derby, consisting of Andy Wright and Ben Wiggett shaking it up with with Simon 'Bassline' Smith.
One of two sets over the weekend from the Manc drum and bass exponents.
Open wide for some liquid drum and bass from Fred Vahrman and Josh 
Songwriter, rapper and record producer with his long time accomplice.
Barry Ashworth’s dub, electronica and hip hop ensemble prevails. The perfect knees up party act.
More from the Don.
Yorkshire’s best dub reggae exponents.
Legendary film-maker and DJ spins the post reggae grooves.
Ska played through a grainy Gypsy curtain. WARNING: May contain moustaches.
On the thin line between progressive and tech house, or, as he’d like to put it 
A vet of acid house and techno, still cranking out the tunes.
More Manc madness in a post acid house, hello let’s get funky vibe.
More ear love rattling action from these noiseniks.
Live techno five-piece with myriad synths, two drummers getting intricate and sometimes epic.
Art rock from Alberta (Canada) in an experimental shoegaze kinda way.
Legendary psyche prog rockers return to their spiritual home.
Live set from the UK-based psychedelic trance troupe.
Psychedelic dance music from the renowned producer.
Ambient electronic dance music from the producer and instrumentalist.
A live set from the Warp records masters of melodic electronica.
Live hybrid from the Iranian American house and techno DJ and producer.
Multi-AKA music producer and DJ whose 20 years at the helm have delivered a host of floor fillers.
Celebrated Spanish DJ and producer who dabbles in techno, house, disco and alternative dance sounds.
Much travelled anthem-juggling alternative hip-hop duo with a moody, shuffling dance groove.
Seasoned creators of the musical hybrid of folk, techno, dub and rock, making a sound that’s unique to the ‘zone.
Glastonbury regulars, this duo’s deconstruction of breakbeat, house and electronica is legendary.
The first female Kora virtuoso to come from a West African Griot family, a sensational and completely enthralling sound.
A David Cameron mash up is guaranteed from these classy sound manipulators.
Neuro-diverse sensations Touretteshero & Captain Hotknives with biscuits, swearing and sexy songs.
A live piano tribute to the beginnings of acid house and rave.
Post referendum blues? Who knows, but the boss will be raging and railing on a number of matters.
The former Bodysnatcher who’s just released a classy remake of the band’s original tunes.
Tongue-in-cheek politico pop with some quirky lyrics and a sub-Beatles power pop sound to boot.
With panelists Clive Lewis, Labour MP for Norwich South, organizer of the Movement For Justice Antonia Bright, British Somali feminist Nimco Ali and writer and award winning journalist Reni Eddo-Lodge. Chaired by John Harris.
With panelists Jade Smith from Sisters Uncut, Labour politician Cat Smith and DJ, advocate and activist Munroe Bergdorf joining chair person Aisha Gani.
Forty years on and still as outspoken and radical as ever. Sir Tom Of Robinson leaves the 6Music banter and gets back to brass tacks.
On the back of their comeback album, the marvelously titled ‘Off With Their Heads’, the rap, ska punk Blues explosion returns to Left Field.
Nottinghamshire’s very own folk punk ska hybrid with more than a nod to Balkan melodies with plenty to mosh about.
Labour MP and Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell is joined by chair of the good society pressure group Neal Lawson, Dr Faiza Shaheen, an economist, blogger and activist and green politician and activist Molly Scott Cato. Chaired by John Harris
Trauma an Orthopaedic Surgeon Dr Roshana Mehdian is joined by Polly Toynbee, Dr Aislinn Macklin-Doherty, a junior doctor training in cancer treatment, Mark Serwotka, the general secretary of the Public and Commercial Services union and Mhairi Black, the Member of Parliament for Paisley and Renfrewshire South. Chaired by John Harris
Pauline Black’s seminal ska revival band still skanking and shaking it up.
Noisey angsty post punk from Blackpool’s very own rough-hewn agit poppers led by the inimitable John Robb.
Harsh no-nonsense East End realism from this folk punk five piece who brandish acoustics with attitude.
Over the festival weekend Michael James Parker, Warrior Storyteller, Battle Poet and Host of Small Revolutions, will be holding workshops in the Green Kids Field, encouraging children to stand up, speak out, and let the world know their views and he now brings some of the next generation to tell the left Field what’s what.
Singer, teacher and Take Back The City's GLA candidate for the City and East London Constituency Amina Gichinga, co-author of Inventing The Future Nick Smicek and writer and broadcaster on economics Paul Mason. Chaired by John Harris
“It’s not a good rap song without a swear word” reckons the grime mainstay whose matured into a mighty musical force in recent times.
Return of that man.
Double MOBO winning grime MC and rapper whose ‘Shut Up’ has become a national anthem especially after it ushered Anthony Joshua to the ring for his IBF Heavyweight win.
The ‘Queen’s Speech’ lady whose online presence has secured a big following for her fast rapping, socially aware lyrics.
South London rappers whose slow grind and five man interjections make for an intense brooding listen.
The pirate radio stars of BBC Three’s BAFTA nominated Just Do Nothing TV series spinning the tunes.
Live set from the producer and DJ inspired by his constant global touring and sucking in all that influence to make a unique bass-heavy sound.
Founding member of the Square Crew, Lewisham’s fast paced grime MC and celebrated producer.
From the grime stronghold of Stratford self-acclaimed as grime’s ugliest MC.
The Manc grime MC heralded as the guy who sparked the grime revival.
Camden’s favourite actor, producer, DJ and TV presenter
Dutch electronic music producer from Rotterdam who is signed to Tiesto’s label firmly lodged in space producing future house.
German DJ and producer from Hamburg best known for his 2010 track ‘Coma Cat’, a pulsing piece of reverbed house.
The actor and all round good guy on the wheels of steel for a party mash up.
Progressive and electronic house trip consisting of Nathan V Duvall, Gavin Harryman Koolmon, and Luke Anthony McDermott whose “how Deep Is Your Love’ is the hit of the summer.
Renowned remixers now making their very own slo-cooked electronic RnB.
Smooth soulful duo from Bristol making highly polished pop music.
A neo soul duo using an eclectic mix of influences for their sonic and stunning visuals, which mirror the rich melting pot of cultures, that New York offers.
Backlit by a bright glow of iridescent light, the undecipherable form wore a dazzling golden mask. Its long beak swooped down like an inverted horn and since then, people have referred to the mythical being simply as Claptone. He spins tunes too.
Renowned DJ and producer who has forged new routes in hip hop since he left Gang Starr many moons ago.
The Belgian drum and bass producer continues to expand the genre with the clever use of multi-layered melodies amid the incessant rhythm.
Combining massive old skool anthems from RnB to Swing beat, and from Garage to Bashment, into current chart topping House hits, the ‘Bo Selecta’ man returns. Proper Bo.
West London trio whose smooth soulful harmonies gave them a Top Five single at the end of last year with ‘1In2’.
UK based singer songwriter and actress whose ‘Be The One’ track was big news last year.
Grey Worm from The Game Of Thrones in his other guise as a mellow soulful crooner.
Irish rapper whose two huge hits ‘Lost In Empathy’ and ‘1992’ have made him a YouTube legend.
DJ (Rinse FM) and TV Presenter takes to the stage as Sonic's resident DJ for the day.  
Acid purists who provide a “sleazy alternative to glossy house,” reckoned Fact mag when their debut album was released last year.
Playing something that’s been dubbed disco acid rock, and often been known to drop some funk in, it’s a concoction that certainly sparks the imagination.
A raucous cocktail of pulsating bass grooves, punchy synths and live drums often compared to Arthur Russell and ESG.
Utilising unique circuitry that allows them to co-mix tracks at the same time, Bonar Bradberry and Tom Thorpe bring their Ibiza-honed set to Wow!
British electronic music producer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist from Guernsey playing soulful electronica.
1XTra and NTS radio DJ renowned for playing everything from grime to rockabilly.
Legendary TV presenter, rapper, DJ and businessman opening up proceedings
With Annie Mac from midnight, Four Tet from 01.00 and Kowton from 02.00.
With Annie Mac from midnight, Four Tet from 01.00 and Kowton from 02.00.
With Annie Mac from midnight, Four Tet from 01.00 and Kowton from 02.00.
Applauded for his debut album in which Pitchfork reckons he revived and tweaked the sounds of vintage house.
Berlin producer and DJ whose experiments with sound harked back to early Detroit but have now been honed into a unique house sound.
Deep dubdiscohousetechno with flashes of soul and irresistible melodies that hark back to the early Detroit of Motown and Planet E.
Project created by Tel-Aviv based producers and DJs Dori Sadovnik and Niv Arzi that focuses on house, disco and techno.
Dutch electronic sounds that wander into Kraftwerk minimalism and YMO pop tones at times.
The good ship Wow! Sets sail on an afternoon party featuring Bicep, Leon Vynehall, Man Power, Park Ranger and Mr Solid Gold.
Featuring Jamz Supernova And Amy Becker from midnight, Melody Kane And Siobhan Bell at 01.00 and Sian Anderson And Madam X at 02.00.
Featuring Jamz Supernova And Amy Becker from midnight, Melody Kane And Siobhan Bell at 01.00 and Sian Anderson And Madam X at 02.00.
Featuring Jamz Supernova And Amy Becker from midnight, Melody Kane And Siobhan Bell at 01.00 and Sian Anderson And Madam X at 02.00.
Drum and bass producer whose ‘City Lights’ track from last year too the genre to a more melodic conclusion.
Drum and bass as if it was delivered for the soundtrack of Bladerunner.
Label showcase featuring Elijah And Skilliam, DJ Q and Swindle
Trio of producers who’re roundly heralded as taking drum and bass in a new direction with their debut album from the end of last year.
Manchester collective that gathers together a host of styles and has been compared to “Happy Mondays meets Wu Tang.” Nice!
Playing what he describes as alien music, Rude Kid uses traditional grime staples and lets his sound venture into funky, dubstep and techno at times, says the wonderfully named Grime Forum.
The Gutterfunk runs the HMS Wow aground with an afternoon party featuring DJ Die, Dismantle, Addison grove, Chimpo, DJ Kahnage and White Bully Soundsystem
Spoken word from Kate Tempest with Kwake Bass, Dan Carey and Alex gent supplying the grime.
Happy hardcore DJ with his roots in the rave, always set to get the dancefloor packed.
Versatile, eclectic music fan that went from Sliknot and Madness through free jazz and into dance music where his musical knowhow has allowed him to stretch the boundaries of the electronic genre.
Thoughtful, downbeat crooning from this electronic Canadian duo strangely named after one bloke. Should fit neatly after Akase in the break up dept.
Duo originally from Leeds whose album ‘Graspers’ from the start of the year was labeled as the perfect record for “post break up nights” with its boomy beats and Beach Boys-esque wordless harmonies.
Ninja Tune electronic duo with a brace of EPs gaining wide acclaim and a string of remixes (Kelis, Lana Del Rey) under the belt.
Heady and driving techno exploring the outer reaches of deep and thoughtful electronic music, where possible accompanied by a message of hope.
Texan trio obsessed who play well-crafted slow funk grooves with hypnotic and thematic arrangements.
HMS Wow sets sail for a My Nu Leng and M8S party with Redlight, Beating Heart, Barely Legal and Monki.
A whirlwind ride through roots reggae, ska, rock steady and all points JA with a nod to hip hop from the son of Lorna Bennett (‘Breakfast In Bed’) no less.
Ragga, rap and punk all co-exist with the Glaswegian, Indian-descended singer whose debut album was some 15 years in the making.
Roots reggae meets streetwise scat singing from this under rated acoustic-carrying singer songwriter.
Talented indigenous singer-songwriter growing up in Dulan, the Amis ethnic group in Taiwan, making music creation that borders pop and indie.
Poet, composer-lyricist/beatmaker, scriptwriter, actor and performer, video artist and stylist whose music stands at the crossroads of African music, rap and the French singer-songwriter tradition.
A whirlwind ride through roots reggae, ska, rock steady and all points JA with a nod to hip hop from the son of Lorna Bennett (‘Breakfast In Bed’) no less.
Much travelled (South America, Spain) singer whose travels figure heavily in the construction of her sound that Brazilian based mixing acoustic and electronic elements.
The Upsetter has worked with all the reggae legends and continues to astound with legendary tales of studio burning, invading fish people and much, much more. Not to be missed.
Fulsome falsetto vocals, slap snare and an electronic meoldy line underpin these positive pop songs.
Crafty UK reggae from the daughter of Pistols’ drummer Paul Cook.
Half Panamanian, half Italian but rooted in South London with a love of reggae which he delivers in a unique new way.
Dendê & Band have cultivated a unique sound where Afro-Brazilian traditions like samba de roda and candomble have been seemlessly melded with world rhythms like rumba, afrobeat and mbalax.
Purveyors of Outernational Psychedelia, Broadway Sounds are a new breed of psych pop that push it and make it work.
Australia’s premier live horn driven Afro-electronic band with a big dollop of funk.
Gypsy swing from this Bristol seven piece.
An original vinyl junkie digging deep into all styles of Reggae, African, including Rumba, Manding and funky West African.
Recently described as a mash up of Basement Jaxx and The Rocky Horror Picture Show performing at The Moulin Rouge, Slamboree are a one-of-a-kind ensemble who present a show that is unique to every performance.
Having developed Hackney’s very own Afrobeat franchise Sosimi continues to develop the stylings will retaining the rhythm.
Specialists in turning dance floors into boiler rooms; from Istanbul to Tokyo and from Paris to the isle of Vlieland, nobody can withstand their Afro beats, ethiobreaks, Turkish psych and spicy cumbia.
A unique collaboration between tropical space techno act Yakumo, female vocalist Hiltje Andringa with African and classical percussion and brass.
Playing an irresistible blend of their influences spanning house, big beat, reggae-dub, Roots, Jazz and world music.
Brought up on the blues, folk and jazz, now channeling those influences into his own gritty hip hop sound.
Much travelled (South America, Spain) singer whose travels figure heavily in the construction of her sound that Brazilian based mixing acoustic and electronic elements.
Soul boy, hip-hop head, Beat nerd; The Doctor’s Orders Resident, LEX Records Collaborator, The Jazz Cafe in house DJ and Tuckshop Selector. Busy guy.
Radical emotionalism and abyss-deep soul that brings to her songs seems to turn her innermost self inside out in a sultry Nina Simone style.
Taiwanese-American rapper, singer, songwriter, and producer who was the first female artist to win the Best New Artist at the 24th Annual Golden Melody Awards.
Taiwanese singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, music producer and occasional musical actress who wrote her first song at the age of eight and sounds like an old school ‘60s popette.
A classic soul and jazz vibe but with the edge of a girl who has grown up around Ladbroke Grove.
Drum and Bass soul diva Jenna G is unplugging and going back to her musical roots with her new live band adding the funk.
Big Afro, big voice and big bass is what Singer/MC Eva Lazarus is all about. Her musical flavours from Reggae to DnB, Jungle, Soul and beyond!
Party time DJ of many styles, one time member of Task & Bear (Ninja Tune tour DJs) and founder member of Bristol's long running roots, reggae and dub music collective Dub From Atlantis.
Hip-hop DJ and producer like no other. Respected globally for his turntablism, he performed at Banksy’s Dismaland, and was first choice guest mixer on Dr Dre’s inaugural Beats 1 show
Drawing influence from Fela Kuti, A Tribe Called Quest and Erykah Badu, Age of LUNA offer a unique blend of honest, soulful vocals.
New directions in soul electronica with synth based jazz textures, deep subterranean basslines and the soulful vocals of Rachel Fraser.
Alternative RnB or neo soul, if you will, from this east London singer/songwriter who’s previously put a shift in with Disclosure.
The daughter of Neneh Cherry, weaned on soul, jazz and RnB with a mighty voice.
Pop soul from the Australian with a powerhouse voice.
His songs feature lush synths, intricate melodies, and sensual vocals, while his remixes for artists such as Odesza and Basecamp incorporate elements of trap, deep house and UK garage.
Indie soul from the Communion label signing who was shortlisted for the BRITS Critics Choice this year.
Cute pop duo fresh from supporting Jess Glynne and great support from Radio 1's BBC Introducing.
A shot of sunny, sweet, sweeping adrenaline to the pop music landscape.
The dirtiest funk, soul and disco ever heard.
Bristol's premier hip hop night returns.
American hip hop duo from Sacramento, California made up of rapper Gift of Gab (born Tim Parker) and DJ/producer Chief Xcel (born Xavier Mosley).
Bristol's premier hip hop night comes to the Parlure.
Originally mixing electronic sound with samples from the ‘60s and ‘70 s Angolan music, Batida’s sound has developed into an awesome global production.
Tanzania-born singer with an old style soul delivery and steallr arrangements.
Icelandic band featuring three sisters, Elin, Elisabetand Sigga singing live house music via the exquisite combination of their beautiful voices.
Dream pop with an almost folky feel in places behind its electronic make up.
Sweet, blue-eyed soul with a clean cut pop production.
Deft songwriter and a singer with soulful brilliance with a timelessly classic yet fresh sound with fans including Chance the Rapper and Joey Bada$$.
The surgeon of sound awaits.
Inspired by Soul/ Funk music from the golden age of disco represented as Chic, Kool and the Gang and Jackson 5, Korean indie band ‘Sultan of the Disco’ plays to deliver vintage sound to modern listeners.
Producer who uses hip-hop as an inspiration to widen his musical cache.
A classic soul band, with elements of jazz, rock and hip hop underpinning the lyrical content which is always thoughtful and hard hitting.
Sampling bass, synth, drums, guitar, vocal harmonies, kazoo and cutlery drawers layered over pulsating rhythms and evocative melodies that adhere to her own genre dubbed - Electric Blue Witch-Hop.
Soulful electronic pair creating an intimate blend of nocturnal RnB with classic soul brought to life by lead singer Andy’s dulcet vocal.
Three-piece experimental electronic pop band from Montreal.
J Dilla style beats, John Mayer-esque guitar lines and neo-soul in a musical blender making plush pop soul.
Huge slabs of synth meander behind the pin sharp harmonies of this impressive trio.
London-based soul singer signed to independent label 37 Adventures with two classy singles so far, ‘Indulge’ and ‘Hoops’.
Super busy singer who has been part of the Rudimental set up and worked with producers Supa Dups and 1985 among many others.
The record label unleashes it two-man DJ set up.
Larger-than-life beat maker at the forefront of a swathe of talented producers to come out of the West Country Bass Epicentre known as Bristol.
Playing cross culture dance music that incorporates House, Techno, Hip Hop and vocal-lead dance music, while channeling the knowledge and inspiration from Jungle, DnB and Bass music.
UK production duo that exploded onto the house and bass music scene in 2014.
Bristol heavyweights in vibes play Soul, Funk, Boogie, Rare Groove, House and Dance.
A man on a quest to fulfill his need to inject feeling and funk into the world. Wise guru’s attest, “A night with Maceo Plex will be one of galactic proportions.”
Forward thinking reggae from this Glasgow Soundsystem.
MOBO and UMA award winning duo best known for their chart smashing hits ‘With A Little Bit Of Luck’, ‘MasterBlaster’, ‘Ain’t No Stoppin Us’ and ‘Piano Loco’.
From the Wild Bunch soundsystem in Bristol, DJs whose enthusiasm for music spawned jungle.
Taiwanese-American rapper, singer, songwriter, and producer who was the first female artist to win the Best New Artist at the 24th Annual Golden Melody Awards.
Jamaican dancehall exponent in a rub-a-dub style encouraging everyone to whine on di beat.
An electronic double act that promotes a dialogue between local traditional music of their native Brazil and new technologies.
18-year-old grime/hip-hop artist from Dorset who turned heads in 2015 with his first mixtape ‘Nothin’ But A Mixtape’.
Club event, record label and band featuring DJs Maft Sai And Chris Menist.
Six-piece band and sound system with an original world reggae rock fusion sound.
Forward thinking reggae from this Glasgow Soundsystem.
Forward thinking reggae from this Glasgow Soundsystem.
Brummie grime producer and Skepta's tour DJ.
South London rappers whose slow grind and five man interjections make for an intense brooding listen.
With multi guest vocal appearances in recent times, Ms D still traverses grime, smooth RnB and 2-Step with ease.
Grime rapper who famously made the headlines for his spat with Chipmunk.
There’s plenty of tongue-in-cheek humour in Lykez half sung and half rapped tunes.
From the streets of South London with a fast rapping and versatile flow.
Singer and rapper on the Lyrically Gifted scene in LDN.
According to Dummy mad, this is “Archy Marshall making stoned-out hip hop beats with his pals Rago Foot, Jadessa, and co-producer Black Mack.”
Brum born female MC who discovered her sound by learning guitar and dabbling in new tech.
Forward thinking reggae from this Glasgow Soundsystem.
Forward thinking reggae from this Glasgow Soundsystem.
Eccentric DJ who won shed of the year.
Eclectic, unexpected golden-era Brazilian, Latin, African, Jazz, Soul and Psychedelic sounds, played from vinyl
Jah Baddies Sound System is the historic DJ team with the Original Rudeboy Neville Staple and best friend, Trevor 'ET Rockers' Evans
Bristol soundsystem that never shies away from pushing the boundaries of roots music, but always keeps the heartbeat close to the original soul of roots reggae music.
The Bristol reggae DJ returns.
Hi-Fi Selector Eamonn General continues to nice up the dance – stopping at all stations from Dancehall to Rub-a-Dub, and Rocksteady to Lovers Rock.
Bristol based dub producer Bliss Zion with selecter Tickles on the turntables.
The only reggae DJ who is also a traditional olde worlde Town Crier. AKA The John Peel of reggae.
Underground tastemaker championing new electronic talent on her regular Radio 1 show and digital imprint ZOO Music.
DJ set from the 1Xtra fellah.
Danceflloor-aimed pop sounds from the diminutive trampolener.
Kiwanuka-esque singer/songwriter from Shrewsbury.
Multi-cultural, brass laden heady reggae from this seven-piece.
“Theirs is a strong, resonant, magnetic sound, with a clear folk influence in the wash.” Irish Times
Arty space rockers with a foot in The Coral’s sound (And label) but with added whooshing synth.
Folky strummer from Nottingham with a deep and resonant vocal delivery.
Slick ‘80s styled falsetto-led pop, like Steely Dan jamming with Prince.
Electronic trio set on creating the “optimistic light of summer that can so often turn dark.”
Bright, breezy and addictive alternative pop.
Electronic forerunner who linked up with DJ/Producer Jakwob, which led to a string of songs being playlisted on BBC Radio 1/1Xtra.
Spookily young Brighton trio with killer melodies and an Arctic Monkeys rasp.
Bittersweet singer songwriter with a great range to lift his acoustic backing.
Shuffling electronic pop with a thrumming rhythm and great vocals from Lizzie Massey.
Melancholy dream pop with an ambient, echoey backdrop and some spine tingling vocals.
Four piece indie pop from Lincoln (UK, not Nebraska) with a folky skiffle edginess and great trumpet.
Forty years on and still as outspoken and radical as ever. Sir Tom Of Robinson leaves the 6Music banter and gets back to brass tacks.
Like a derailed deep southern bluesman meets James Blake with a few God fearing moments on his debut ‘Hell’ single
Geeky looking crew with a nice line in power pop with plenty of chunky guitars, like early Teenage Fanclub.
Rock from Warwickshire with big riffs, powerful grooves, singalong choruses and plenty of attitude.
“Infectious pop-funk - Prince on a trampoline” - The Guardian
Raucous, energetic punky pop from this shout-out-loud-with-guitars three-piece.
Three part harmonies sung in Welsh with guitar and autoharp adding real texture.
Inspired by everyone from Billy Joel and Hall And Oates to Earth, Wind And Fire, Mr Abacus offers smooth soulful pop sounds.
Charlie Sloth approved fast paced rapper.
Cardiff based band citing Fela Kuti, Snarky Puppy, Ozomatli, The Roots and Talking Heads among their influences.
Merging murky sample-fuelled indie with a budget electronic undertone and influences from jazz and world music.
Uniquely intricate combination of electronic and acoustic elements behind her bewitching Nico-like vocals.
An Emerging Talent Contest finalist with a fragile voice of his strummed accompaniment.
Upbeat jangling indie pop with some great hooks, from up north.
Expect indie disco mayhem and arms-aloft singalongs as the Madchester-inspired Baggy Mondays DJs help get the Glastonbury party started with their renowned Thursday night Stonebridge slot. 
Cousins of the previous band, Bite The Buffalo eat a coarser and drier type of grass and the music they produce as a result is a hard hitting, hairy beast of a sound. The guitarist tears into solos like a herd on heat and the drummer is clearly not taking any prisoners on the prairie.
Bristol based Buffalo rip the roof right off and throw it high above Worthy Farm to the screaming delight of hundreds of sweaty cowgirls eager to get lassoed in their hungry stampede.
Rider: Rope.
Even bigger idiots than the preceding band, and actually containing some of its members ( a suspicious thing, as the Lead Singer also doubles as the White Rabbit of The Rabbit Hole itself), The Mad Cows are exemplary example of what delinquent aberrations can occur when humans and Cows are combined and take on ill-advised musical collaborations.
These poor chaps should really be incarcerated, but lucky for us we have an opportunity to observe a truly wonderful mix of cretinary and funkadellic nonsense that harks back to Bonzo And The Doo Dah Dog Band.
Michael Eavis said they were “Post Modern Bovine Smut Funk”…
We think he may be onto something.
Rider: Dairy Lee
A recent article in the Financial Times Supplement said of this barmy theatrical outfit:  “The rhythm section is definitely ‘Uni-curious…the brass have given up curiosity….. but if the two gorgeous brothers at the front aren’t Bi-Curious I’ll shag them both before the night is up”
The Curious little Big Band have been literally lighting up stages all round Gloucestershire for the last 7 years and are fast becoming the MUST HAVE band of musical clowns at every event up and down that eccentric-loving county.
Rider: Lube
What more is there to say? Crustaceans of the world unite for this legend of the deep.
Warning; audience fun and participation required. 
Emerging Talent Runner up. 
This lad is set to go far. He is brillian
Emerging Talent Runners up.
They will boss you about a bit, but its fun, so get over it.
Ploughing every conceivable sound into their wonderful uplifting songs, they were tipped for the top at this years Emerging Talent Competition.
Winners of the Emerging Talent Competition, we are entwined in poetry designed to tease a hardened cowboy off his mount.
Emerging Talent Runner up.
One of Birmingham’s newest acts, Lady Sanity adds a good dollop of hip hop madness to this afternoon of  reasonably sensible Emerging Talent. 
Rider: Diazepam
Emerging Talent competition runner up, Henry Green brings a ponderous atmospheric sound duvet to the Rabbit Hole. Come and wrap yourselves up in his warm, green glow.
Rider: Cosmic Space dust
Scooby Doo was late…these guys were spookily early for inclusion in the Glastonbury Emerging Talent Competition. But their up-dated, haunting psychedelic swamp groove tastes scarily like a deep south, Cajon gumbo.
Rider: Large white sheet
Singer songwriter comes fully armed with songs of loyalty, love and personal interior exploration.
These Spanish-type dudes are on fire.
Baldo is in Charge, belting out latin like a catholic bishop on speed.
The rest of them mash up Afro-Venezuelan funk and tight, psychedelic rock like a frazzled hipster on fourteen artisan-roasted coffees a night.
Marvel as they blow your tiny mind into the Rabbit Hole stratosphere, then pick it up and whirl it round like a trophy bandana.
Rider: Chorizo, hot.
If anything this band are the complete opposite of a bunch of shriveled raisins on a dancefloor.
Never before will you have seen a live band do disco like this band does disco.
They are the Kings, the emperors,  the shining messiahs of Disco.
What’s more: They have come all the way from Korea to do disco for us!
Rider: Sultanas
Here is a man who has many surprises up his sleeve and always does us proud as he wades through his extensive personal favourites. Hear him as you've never heard him before doing best what a dj is supposed to do.
Rider: Guiness.	
Urgent, London sound about to break.
See them in a small venue first before they get too big.
Their massive track “All the Rest Is Noise” is going to be a classic of our time.
Rider: Set of model red arrows
Formerly known as Quinn And Billington, they swapped roles due to a technical difference in syllables and now have become country and western superstars destined to take on the world.
Two of the greatest singers alive in England have managed to assemble some of the best musicians to accompany them and belt out their world changing brand of incredibly catchy tunes.
Glorious warmth oozing from the stage sends tendrils of good vibes into your heart and raises you up on a juicy bed of fluttering melodic angel dust. 
Rider: Belt buckles and spurs
Singer songwriter with electric guitar playing brilliantly crafted ballads….. Clash magazine says “ Oddly spiritual, it's a secular form of worship which favours direct interaction with her inner self; an emotional communion in which all is laid bare.”
We would agree if we knew what it meant.
Rider: Self-help library.
New project from The Bombay Bicycle camp, they have clearly been indulging in too many sugary drinks combined with an unwillingness to see a dentist.
Please bring some of those small sweets that look like dentures and offer them to the band on stage.
Rider: toothbrushes
Mick has suffered from a serious condition from childhood.
It is a terminal affliction
He suffers from ARTISM.
Mik’s Artistic
Please come to the stage to show you support.
What is it?;  Post-Punk Comedy, designed to make you wet yourself.
Rider: Nappies
Gemma is part of the Rabbit Hole crew and it shows… She’s mad and dangerous and will send you down a strange hole of lyrical conundrums before you've had a chance to grab a coffee.
Her Mill men bake bread of heaven before our very eyes and turn a great thing into an amazing thing. Its funny, its hot its hugely NOW.
Rider: flour
From the great Strummerville Stable, this young lady is a Rabbit Hole favourite. Beautiful and tuneful electronica from a lyricist far more mature than her years might allow us to believe is possible. “Burning” already sounds like a classic….
Come and listen before it is….a classic, I mean….
Rider: Soda stream
If you haven’t had the pleasure of seeing these guys, you are in for a blinding treat. Epic, psychedelic and funky to the point of wobbly legness…these guys are the darlings of the festival scene and keep powering us all through to the outer stratosphere and beyond.
Rider: toast soldiers
A very saucy, quite mental live electronic dance crew who will tear the place to pieces within about five minutes.
Rider: 808 State.
This is Danny Goffey, best known for being the drummer and backing vocalist for Supergrass. He briefly toured with Babyshamble in 2010 following their drummer’s departure.
Now he makes his own brilliant brand of lyrically wry agit pop.
Anyone who can form a band at the age of ten, called the Fallopian Tubes with a track called “My Wife Shut My Gonads In The Door” is alright by me.
Rider: Cricket box
Funky Mutha from the Craig Charles stable.
He can get a stage lit up quicker and easier than any other man I know.
Come and get funky with the man that knows how.
This is one of those heavily tipped singer songwriters who we all can see will go very far in the bizz.
See him here first before he is all over the world on big tours and all that.
Home grown Rabbit Hole stalwarts who provide an amazing electronic soundscape to the afternoon.
Old festival friends, Duncan and his Scallywags misbehave and create mischief.
A rock band like no other…Local heros…say no more…
One of the Rabbit Hole’s own home grown talents, Connor is the quintessential singer songwriter. He has a voice like velvet and hands that grip the guitar like a beautiful child…
Singer Songwriter to bring you lightly into the day.
Sam has a soft beautiful voice and tunes. He has been lauded by BBC Introducing Devon and is taking the west country by storm.
Three of the most beautiful girls in the world play their beautiful music for you while you recover with the best bloody mary on site.
What could go wrong?
This band is now a true live-dance legend. Even though when they are on stage there is no sign of Bob Moses. In fact, I suspect he doesn't even exist. It’s actually two Canadian guys called Tom Howie and Jimmy Vallence, who may or may not have got rid of Bob in a fit of mysterious musicicide
They fill the place with live electronica and busy themselves with an enormous amount of technical kit. It’s an awesome sound that will envelope you in a Sunday night glow of avalonian cosmic dust and send you home in love with music again. 
Come early to secure a place at the front….It’s going to be packed.
Rider: Flowers for Bob.
OMG! Think you know Charlotte Church?
Think Again!
Tonight, Charlotte plays a set of deeply subversive guilty pleasures including Nine Inch Nail covers and pulls out some crazy shit to confound all previous presumptions.
Unmissable.
Rider: Flaming Lamborghinis
This is one of my favourite bookings at the Rabbit Hole this year.
“I Don't Give a Fxxk what you recon!”  is their standout mega-hit….IT’S going to be HUGE. Come and dance yourselves silly to this northern raucous gang of ridiculously talented musicians.
Huge and getting huger, we are very excited to host them at Glastonbury for what is set to be a glorious hour of soaring, melodic pop.
Rider: Queen of Hearts
We’ve all done it out of the back of the tour bus, but these girls have gone one step further and named their band after it. Brilliant new act just breaking out, these four girls weave delicious melodies around a gritty guitar based rock. They are tipped to go huge. We are lucky to have them play for us before they do.
Rider: Telescope

Full-power rocking set with great tunes and loads of attitude.
Their brilliant track “Daddy Didn't make it as a rockstar” is going to be a classic of our time or the Pope’s not Catholic.
Rider?; Bishop’s mitre
These guys are not drystone-wallers by any stretch of the imagination.
Nor are they anything to do with stones that were wet and have now dried off. The Mad Hatter spotted them at the Glastonbury Extravaganza last year and they blew the roof off with their energetic fiddle stomping.
Folk/Blues singer often found in the folk clubs in and around London, he recently won the ‘Road to the 100 club’ and Best Original Artist with PRS Music. Great guitarist, great voice, great songs. Grab a bloody mary and listen to him putting the world to rights.

They said it wasn't them, but I suspect they made that up to put us of the scent..
Rider: Fingerprint Kit
A beautiful and melodic entry into Sunday afternoon with the new singer songwriter emerging onto the scene with a bunch of highly sensitive explorations of his love life and times.
Rider: Bloody Mary

They went out all night on Sat but here they are before you knew they’d even left. These gentlemen have graced most of the stages at Glastonbury over the years and carry the traditional spirit of Glastonbury with them wherever they go. The Full English of Festival bands.
Rider:  Buttered Hash Browns
10 piece authentic ska, Rock Steady & Roots Rock Reggae
New York Brass Band are North Yorkshire’s only contemporary New Orleans inspired brass band.
Gaz Mayalls ace Celtic Ska, Rock Steady, Roots Rockers outfit featuring the Jamaican legendary trombonist, the mighty Vin Gordon & singer Zoe Devlin
swamp pop soul r'n'b
The kinda Country, Gospel, Punkrock Blues that can tear the heart out of a man & make him beg for mercy. Amen!
Jump jive big band
rock and toll, boogie and rockabilly from london's finest
Raconteur songsmith one off individual crowd capturer. Brilliant
The kinda Country, Gospel, Punkrock Blues that can tear the heart out of a man & make him beg for mercy. Amen!
10 piece authentic ska, Rock Steady & Roots Rock Reggae
Infectious Irish & Cornish Celtic dance music with bouncy tough Rhythm & great songs
Fifties style Rockabilly & Rock & Roll but using a lot of modern diverse tunes transposed in their time machine
rock and toll, boogie and rockabilly from london's finest
Bible bashing, devil worshipping outlaws. R&R evangelism at its scariest!
The kinda Country, Gospel, Punkrock Blues that can tear the heart out of a man & make him beg for mercy. Amen!
Great upbeat ska & boss reggae
10 piece authentic ska, Rock Steady & Roots Rock Reggae
Gaz Mayalls ace Celtic Ska, Rock Steady, Roots Rockers outfit featuring the Jamaican legendary trombonist, the mighty Vin Gordon & singer Zoe Devlin
Fifties style Rockabilly & Rock & Roll but using a lot of modern diverse tunes transposed in their time machine
Bible bashing, devil worshipping outlaws. R&R evangelism at its scariest!
The kinda Country, Gospel, Punkrock Blues that can tear the heart out of a man & make him beg for mercy. Amen!
New York Brass Band are North Yorkshire’s only contemporary New Orleans inspired brass band.
Gaz Mayalls ace Celtic Ska, Rock Steady, Roots Rockers outfit featuring the Jamaican legendary trombonist, the mighty Vin Gordon & singer Zoe Devlin
Great upbeat ska & boss reggae
Fifties style Rockabilly & Rock & Roll but using a lot of modern diverse tunes transposed in their time machine
Infectious Irish & Cornish Celtic dance music with bouncy tough Rhythm & great songs
The kinda Country, Gospel, Punkrock Blues that can tear the heart out of a man & make him beg for mercy. Amen!
Fran Healy and his melodious gang bring their multi-million-selling hits to the Croissant Neuf for a special show in celebration of the field's 30th birthday.
Please see online programme for details

CND
As we celebrate 5 years of no fracking in the UK we will look at the fracking licences in Somerset and Wiltshire and take a wider look at energy policy in the UK today.
Mary Ellen Archer
At the Paris climate talks, we met militant movements who are linking all three issues, led by working class, indigenous and peasant communities on the front line of dirty energy projects. Their session will be the premiere of our new film on Paris, followed by a Q&A session with the film makers Reel News. Reel News is a video-activist collective based in London, documenting and publicising the growing global resistance to austerity, climate change and war.
Rebecca Gibbs
(2015; Nathan Hannawin, Paul Sng) 86 min. Sleaford Mods, the most exciting and uncompromising British band in years, stick two fingers up to the zeitgeist and articulate the rage and desperation of those without a voice as they tour austerity Britain's forgotten towns.
 (2015; Nathan Hannawin, Paul Sng) 86 min
 Sleaford Mods, the most exciting and uncompromising British band in years, stick two fingers up to the zeitgeist and articulate the rage and desperation of those without a voice as they tour austerity Britain's forgotten towns.

Tackling climate change from the perspective of the developing world - Justin Rowlatt
The EU referendum and national identity – what do you think? Recording the programme with audience participation
The modern face of union busting - Dave Smith
Rocketing rents and house prices in south-east England and beyond have led to housing problems that affect more than just the poorest in our society. What solutions can we find to build on this apparent confluence of interests and effect social and economic change that will benefit the many rather than the few - Jane Laporte of the Housing Action Group
Can ASSK bring peace and democracy to Burma? - Dr Marni and Ko Aung. Dr Maung Zarni - Founder of the Free Burma Coalition, Maung Zarni, MA (California), PhD (Wisconsin), is a UK-based Burmese dissident and scholar in exile. In 2015 Zarni won the Cultivation of Harmony Award from the Parliament of the World's Religions, the world's oldest interfaith organization, for his 
Glastonbully
Guest teacher from Healing Field
Amelia Womack, Antonia Bright and Kate Evans. Amelia Womack is deputy leader of the Green party of England and Wales. Kate Evans is a cartoonist, artist, activist and mother. She is the author of Red Rosa: a graphic biography of Rosa Luxemburg and The Food of Love: your formula for successful breastfeeding. She is currently working on a graphic novel, Threads, about the refugee crisis. www.cartoonkate.co.uk.Twitter: @cartoonkate.
Following in the footsteps of this outstanding feminist - Bee Rowlatt
This participative session will explore the environmental impacts of our food – around 20% of the UK’s carbon footprint. Attendees will learn about the A-B-C of low carbon eating: AVOID wasting food, BUY in-season food and CHOOSE low carbon food more.
Catching the men who ruined lives - Helen Steel, Jenny Jones and Tom Fowler
Where do we go from here? - Roger Harrabin
Iain Hossack
Rebel thespians 
Steve Kirk
Guest teacher from Healing Field
Debate with Ed Miliband, John Sauvan, Molly Scott Cato and Roger Harrabin. Chaired by Justin Rowlatt
Climate And Energy
Molly Scott Cato MEP
Feminists debate - Reni Eddo-Lodge, Helen Steele, Bee Rowlatt and Amelia Womack
Pete Wilkinson - co-founder of Greenpeace UK - will talk about his extraordinary life journey from Deptford to leading expeditions to Antarctica and winning the battle to designate it as a World Park.
Young people speak out
Poetry
Des Kay
Living in harmony with nature - Steve Kirk
Guest teacher from Healing Field
David Tredennick MP . David Tredinnick MP has been an MP for nearly 30 years, (29years). He has been the MP who more than any other has defended and promoted Alterrnative medicine , including accupuncture, herbal medicineand Homeopathy. In the last Parliament he served on both the Health Select Committee and the Science and Technology Select Committee. He is also the longstanding Chair of the All Party Parliamentary Group for Integrated Health Care.
Question and answer session with the man himself
Justin Rowlatt and Prof Sellas
The Golden Age
Cathy Hill
Actionwork
Guest teacher from Healing Field
Turkish & Greek folk Session
Cheesy madcap antics from this good time London party night complete with dancers, men on BMXs and all that malarkey.
Infectious poppy indie rock from this Liverpool quartet featuring three beards and a lady.
Morrissey and Marr eat your heart out, the perfect Glastonbury tribute band!
Two hours of air punching power ballads, bring an inflatable axe and gurn till your sorry.
The trials and tribulations of the late, great Miles Davis in the 1970s starring Don Cheadle as the trumpet toting genius.
The legendary London club night brings all the records you’re supposed not to like, dancers, balloons and plenty of good vibes.
Emotive multi-layered sounds from this Scottish quintet whose latest album ‘Painting Of A Panic Attack’ unfolds into a gloriously chiming and mesmeric noise.
Local lads made good! The three quarters bearded maestros of the surf and skate board return from touring with Coldplay to unleash their good time rock ‘n’ roll.
Big selling Norwegian five piece whose electronic indie rock is peppered with huge melodies. Look out, one of them plays a flugabone.
Spirited punky indie rock from this quartet who sound like The Rolling Stones on speed.
Hot on the heels of their critically-acclaimed album from last months (‘Alas Salvation’); expect ear-crunching guitars worthy of any disheveled dobadders.
More blues rock from this outfit whose gritty vocals sound like vintage Free. Riffs and slide guitar anyone?
More from the deep south from this duo of tub thumping, harmonica toting bluesmen.
Southern styled swamp boogie from the sextet who sound like they’ve been plucked from the bill at the original Woodstock. Epic!
Scarily young trio knocking out chiming riffs with some monster melody lines and a touch of teenage angst to boot.
Much loved by radio 1, featuring epic dance anthems given a two acoustic guitar makeover.
The Acid Jazz legend spinning northern, funk and essential rare grooves.
Geoff Barrow of Portishead’s current vehicle for no-overdub intense musical visions bringing Saturday night’s chin stroking sessions to an end.
Canterbury’s esoteric progressive jazz rock giants bring their euphoric live show and intense layered sound for a Saturday night highlight.
Intense tales from this duo whose second album ‘Peel’ showed new maturity and an excellent musical backdrop to Beck Wood’s forceful vocals.
Copenhagen’s COYB are probably best known for the theme tune of The Bridge, but their latest release, ‘Grasque’ continues with their beguiling electronic hued pop.
Songwriter and producer Oly Bayston’s nom de plume for his heart-warming piano-led storylines.
Cleverly crafted modern pop gems that wander into bizarre and unreal worlds perfectly aided by fantastic multi-layered sounds – think Ray Davies meets Brian Wilson.
All-girl four piece with endearing songs that sound like a punky version of Tracey thorn’s first band The Marine Girls.
The former Supergrass man, Danny Goffey proves that he’s no slouch when it comes to penning pristine pop tunes.
Beguiling in your face indie pop with a rambunctious rhythm and gorgeous female harmonies, ones to watch.
Perfect way to start the day - Fuzzy C86-styled post-punk from this four-piece from the home of Alan Partridge.
The face painting and confetti cannon-strewn London club night closes the stage with a burst of radical shape throwing.
Have they really got the same jeans on? Probably as The View intend to spend the whole weekend at the festival, expect riotous good time scenes by the time this live stage closer materializes.
Straight out of Seattle heads down rock sounds with a dab of psyche and some soulful edginess in their pulsing tunes.
Huge anthems from this band that the Guardian applauded as indie Springsteens.
Upbeat electronic soundscapes spiral behind the dark lyrical content of this former session drummer’s striking songs. Consume!
Sultry dream pop from the teenager whose debut album ‘Baboo’ snook out in May on 4AD.
Over 25 years in the making, The Rockingbirds’ distinctive country rock is the perfect antidote to the “it’s the end of the festival, nearly” blues.
Canadian experimental folkie whose ironic heavy-hearted lyrics are luxuriant and lovable.
There’s something quite bewitching about Kate Stables’ vocals that make This Is The Kit’s strummy folk hugely appealing. One to watch.
Good time, summery pop with chunky riffage and some electronic squalls from this much praised (especially for his debut ‘Cut And Paste’ album) hombre.
